---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    Most of this week, we discussed the first project, optimizations and steps to take to complete the assignment. In the previous semester for SWE, the assignment page had a list of steps to take, but this semester, rather than a list of steps, there is a table of files we need. I'm not sure if the table format is the best to have because it feels like there is more confusion about what is needed than last semester. Maybe having a list of steps and the table would be the best, but discussing what to do, step by step in class was helpful.

    I also decided on using Docker as my work environment. It's really handy because a lot of times, the start of classes means installing a bunch of new things and figuring it out. With Docker, I only had to figure out how to install one thing.

2. What's in your way?

    In my way this week is the project. The problem itself isn't bad, it's making sure that I've got everything good to go.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I want to finish off the project at least a day before it's due. I also plan on doing the usual reading and studying for quizzes.


**Tip of the week:**
Researchers working on a [project](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/08/160815134941.htm) called Expeditions in Computer Augmented Program Engineering (ExCAPE) are developing technology to help people program more efficiently. It seems like this technology will lower the barrier of entry into programming by allowing people to focus on what they want to get done rather than minute details like semi-colons in the right place.
