---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we discussed and implemented a container class that has an iterator class defined inside. The week before, we wrote the range iterator, so now, the range class has a range iterator inside along with the begin and end methods. Then we talked about the different kinds of pointers. Dr. Downing had a story about paintball guns and paint to help us remember how they worked, but I didn't find the story very easy to remember because of the different kinds of paintball guns and the different situations he would use them. It was easier to write down the different types in plain English on the cheat sheet.

    I spent the week studying for the exam. During my studying, when I would practice implementing a container with an iterator, I had difficulty thinking about how exactly the operators would work and what private variables I would need. It was hard to translate how I would implement the container knowing how I would get what I wanted with just a loop. What helped me figure out how to implement the container was to think of the state of the iterator as the state after one iteration of a loop. The private variables of the iterator were the variables used inside of the loop and the ++ method would contain the logic that would occur inside the loop.

    I felt that the exam was fair. It wasn't terribly difficult or too easy and I felt that I had plenty of time to finish and check my work.

2. What's in your way?

    In my way now, is finding a partner quickly to start the next project.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on finding a partner and starting the third project, reading the assigned readings, and studying for the quizzes.

**Tip of the week:** With interviews going on this semester, here's a handy [big O cheat sheet](http://bigocheatsheet.com/) with graphs and a table of the time complexities for different algorithms and data structures.
