---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we went over the different types of iterators and implemented equals, copy, fill, and an RMSE calculating function that used transform and accumulate, which are basically map and reduce. I think it would be a good idea to memorize how to implement those functions especially since the exam is coming up in a few weeks.

    The second project was due on Thursday. We started using GitHub classroom for this project. I don't really get what the benefit of using it is besides not having to invite the graders as collaborators to our repo. Apparently with GitHub classroom, only one team's code is allowed to run on Travis at a time, causing long waits.

    We also had a guest speaker from JPL. He talked to us about the process of a project from coming up with an idea to coding and doing user experience tests. He related that process with an actual project that he worked on, which was providing a new way for scientists to experience Mars using the HoloLens. At the very end, he did a demo. Overall, his presentation was great. It was the most insightful and exciting presentation of all the presentations I've been to for Dr. Downing's classes.


2. What's in your way?

    Now that the second project is turned in, I need to focus on studying for the first exam.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on making a list of all the topics we covered so far, along with a list of the functions that we've discussed in class. I will also do the readings and study for the quizzes as usual.

**Tip of the week:** Despite spam filters, people still get spam emails. One way to combat spammers is to waste their time. [Sp@m Looper](https://medium.com/@beweinreich/two-years-spamming-spammers-back-2e734ce9593c#.wi6m81tzt) is a bot designed to do exactly that by endlessly responding with a question. I'm not so sure about the efficacy of this robot, but to use it, you can forward your spam to sp@mlooper.com. Also, the code of this bot is at [https://github.com/beweinreich/mlooper](https://github.com/beweinreich/mlooper).
