---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we went over the fourth project. It's supposed to be about object oriented design. We're not supposed to write any getters or setters, so we've had to write a bunch of functions inside each of the classes to get the information that we need. It's a different way of thinking about things. With all the functions, we'll probably need to write over 50 unit tests.

    The next day of class, there were guest speakers from Pariveda who talked about the software development life cycle. I feel like that's a really easy topic for them to talk about, since every company has some sort of process they use and generally the process is the same. I think a better topic they could've spoken about is consulting and being a generalist since that's what the company is about. Out of all the guest speakers, I still think the guy from JPL was the best even though his presentation had the same idea as Pariveda's because he related the process to an actual project.

2. What's in your way?

    In my way this week will be the fourth project due on Thursday.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on writing the unit tests, refactoring and finishing up the project. I also plan on studying for the quizzes and reading the assigned readings.

**Tip of the week:** I always thought more complex objects in Javascript were a strange and confusing, but here's an [article](https://rainsoft.io/why-object-literals-in-javascript-are-cool/) clarifying how to make objects in Javascript.
