---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, Dr. Downing discussed pointers and types. In the class about pointers, he told us to implement pre and post increment. We never got to discuss the answer though because it was the end of class. It would be a good idea for me to implement those and test out my answer.

    The first project was due this week. Solving the problem itself wasn't difficult, it was getting all the other requirements done. This semester, instead of being able to directly push to the public test repo, we had to make a pull request to submit our tests. It was a little stressful waiting on that because that was the last thing I had to do before I could turn anything in since the travis log was failing without my files in the repo. Although, this was a good way of learning how to make pull requests. Also, some students wrote a script that could run all the tests against our own code and I though that was pretty handy.

2. What's in your way?

    I need to study pointers and references. I used them a few years ago and was comfortable with them then, but it's been so long.

3. What will you do next week?

    Next week, I'll read the readings and study for quizzes. The next project will be assigned, so I plan on starting that as well.  

**Tip of the week:** A [new study](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/08/160816085029.htm) found that the more people use the internet, the more they rely on it rather than their own memory. With the internet, you can look anything up and find the answer immediately, so it makes sense that we wouldn't need to memorize much.
