---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we were assigned the third project, Allocator. We have to implement the allocator class. This project brings back memories of struggling through 439, though this time around, it's much easier.

    In class, we discussed what was important about the allocator class and how it's different from using new. We then went on to discuss the pros and cons of stack and heap memory. We also talked about memory management/control versus garbage collection/safety. Dr. Downing said that American culture preferred safety and how it could be seen in the types of cars we drive whereas other parts of the world preferred control. I would say that I'm on the side of safety. Control can be great when you know what you're doing and won't make mistakes, but people don't always know what they're doing and are prone to making mistakes.

2. What's in your way?

    Currently, in my way is finishing the third project. We also got grades back for the Netflix project and my grade showed me that I need to be much more thorough.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on finishing off the third project. We have the logic implemented, now we need to finish the rest of the requirements. I also plan on reading the readings and studying for the quizzes.

**Tip of the week:** Here's an interesting [article](https://medium.com/@rdsubhas/10-modern-software-engineering-mistakes-bc67fbef4fc8#.dz7ox094d) about over engineering. In school we learn about how abstraction is good and functions must do one thing, but this article discusses how there's a line between what's ideal and what's too much.
