---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we went over the implementation of vector. Implementing vector ties in nicely with allocator since we just had to turn it in and then we get to see how it's actually used in a container. It was briefly mentioned how Allocator 'teases apart allocation from initialization', but with the way vector works, we can actually see that happening.

    The third project was due on Thursday. My partner and I stressed out about turning in the project without our tests accepted to the public repo because our Travis build would be failing otherwise. However, we found out that it's completely acceptable to leave out the lines that check for the test files in the public test repo since it's our makefile and we can do what we want with it.

2. What's in your way?

    Currently in my way is my iOS project because the first version is due this Thursday. Thankfully, the OOP project deadlines don't occur on the same days as the iOS deadlines. That does mean that I don't really get a break because every week there's a project deadline of some kind.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on starting the new project. I also plan on reading the readings and studying for the quizzes.

**Tip of the week:** Here's another [article](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-accept-over-engineering-for-what-it-really-is-6fca9a919263#.esrra2bpf) about over engineering. This one discusses what it is and how it's difficult to define exactly what it is.
