---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we discussed clone, virtual methods and abstract classes. Also, guest speakers from Spiceworks came to talk to us about their company. I'd say the most unique thing they mentioned in their presentation were stock options. I had no idea what they were before their talk. But, they didn't really explain what they were.

    I also finished the last project. We had to write nearly 80 unit tests. It's ideal to have unit tests written first or at least, at the same time a method is completed, but it's hard to do when starting off with a blank slate. I also find it hard to switch gears from being in the zone of implementing logic to testing it out. Luckily, our bugs weren't too hard to find.

2. What's in your way?

    In my way now is my other class. For the majority of the semester, this class took priority over my other class because of the projects every other week. However, there is a project deadline and presentation in the other class, so it's hard for me to take some time to study when I could be working on the project.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, there will only be one class and then the rest of the week is off for Thanksgiving holidays. And then the week after is the exam! I really hope that I'll be productive by studying for the exam and possibly doing the extra credit assignment.

**Tip of the week:** This [article](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/the-code-im-still-ashamed-of-e4c021dff55e#.e1yk7l5ry) is about a person who helped build a website for a pharmaceutical company that was under the guise of a general information site when really it was an advertisement for their drug. It's an important reminder that there are serious consequences to our work and that we should always question if what we're being asked to do is ethical.
