---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    On Monday, Dr.Downing went over the new project that is due this coming Thursday. The second project is to predict what a user will rate a movie given what other people have rated the movie and what the user has rated other movies.

    In the next class, there was a guest from Bloomberg to talk about his company. The title of his presentation was something like 'Why I Should've Listened to Dr. Downing', but the actual content was more like an ad for his company. I wish his presentation actually was about why he should've listened to Dr.Downing. His presentation would've been more substantial if he had talked about things he learned after he graduated or something about how he has grown as a developer. His presentation would fit more in a 'Meet the Company' type talk that the CS department holds rather than in our OOP class. Besides that, it was interesting to learn that Bloomberg develops so many tools, even their own email and messaging apps.

    This weekend, I started working on the project with my partner. We spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to use Boost when we realized that we actually didn't need to use it. So, we switched to using the usual ifstream instead. Working on this project in C++ has made me really appreciate the simplicity and ease of use of python.


2. What's in your way?

    In my way this week is the second project.

3. What will you do next week?

    Hopefully, we'll finish the project soon because I won't really have time to work on it during the week. So, this week, I'll finish up and turn in the project, read the readings and study for the quizzes.

**Tip of the week:** Researchers at Carnegie Mellon have developed an [algorithm](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/09/160908083826.htm) that can tell if online reviews are fake and if the number of a user's Twitter followers is artificially high.
