---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we went over reference type parameters, move constructors and move assignment operators. For some reason, move constructors and move assignment operators seem really complicated to me. Like some sort of magic happens that calls those things. I need to study the flow of how move constructors and operators work. Besides the mystery of move(), being able to take the 'guts' of one variable seems really efficient since one variable can just take what was already built.

    The fourth project was also due this week. My partner and I ran into some tricky logic bugs towards the end. This project was definitely a time where writing unit tests at the same time would have been very handy. Unfortunately, we did not do that, so we had to trace through the code by hand to find the source of the problem. For the next project, I plan on writing unit tests right after coming up with a function so that we can immediately verify that it works as it should in all cases.

2. What's in your way?

    In my way this week are the quizzes. I have a feeling that there will be more questions about move constructors and move assignment operators, so I'll need to study that more closely.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on starting the fifth (and final!!) project, reading the readings and studying for the quizzes.

**Tip of the week:** Here's an [article](http://spinroot.com/p10/) about how to write safety critical code.
