---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

### Projects
There are five projects. The first gets you acquainted with the tools and C++. For the rest of the projects, you can work with a partner. It is beneficial to have to a partner because you get 5 extra points. Though, choose carefully!! The last few projects are not ones you'd want to do alone if you don't have extra time.

Project requirements include writing three unit tests per method/function. For larger projects, this could mean nearly a hundred unit tests. I think a better metric for testing would be code coverage rather than number of unit tests since it promotes poor organization. I know when I struggled with the giant number of unit tests, I would avoid making additional functions or methods when I really should have.

### Lecture and Quizzes
Every lecture there's a quiz. Quizzes are over previous lectures or the readings. Lecture consists of going over examples, writing code, and discussing code. The first half of the semester wasn't really OOP focused. It was more of an introduction to C++ and iterators. After the first exam was when topics shifted towards OOP.

### Exams
For the first exam, I studied by writing all the functions that Dr.Downing listed in his exam topics post and defined and explained to myself all the additional topics. The first exam was pretty fair. None of the questions was a major surprise.

The second exam was harder for me because the topics were not a matter of memorization. It was about actually understanding the content, which is far more difficult to study for.

### Taking OOP **and** SWE?
If you've already taken SWE and are deciding on whether or not OOP will be useful for you, or vice versa, I'd say yes, it is still useful. Besides the different languages, the first halves of OOP and SWE are fairly similar, but the second halves are not. In the second half of OOP, we learned in depth about inheritance and polymorphism. I also feel that learning about the intricacies of C++ forced me to pay attention to all the details and understand exactly what was happening because in C++, you get a whole lot more control over how exactly your code runs.
