---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---


1. What did you do this past week?

    This past week, we briefly went over the final project and started going over inheritance.

    At first glance the final project seems to be a lot like the last project because we have a board and things inside the board that change every round. The difference is that we need a vector that contains different objects, we need to use inheritance and FredkinCells can mutate. In the case of Darwin, it was easier to handle a creature turning into a different species because creatures exhibited composition, so it was as simple as changing the value of a variable. In the case of FredkinCells, they can't just change a variable and it's suddenly a ConwayCell. We need to get rid of the FredkinCell and make a new ConwayCell.

2. What's in your way?

    In my way this week is the project.

3. What will you do next week?

    This week, I plan on finishing the project. So far, we've got most of the logic. Now we need to figure out what's going wrong. Again, we didn't write as many unit tests as we should have as we went along, so now we've got to catch some bugs.

**Tip of the week:** In the Life project, there's the issue of having a vector that contains Conway Cells and Fredkin Cells, so we had to write the Cell class that handles an Abstract Cell pointer to allow for that kind of vector. C++ actually has special kinds of pointers to handle this exact case called smart pointers. So, here's an [article](http://www.drdobbs.com/cpp/c11-uniqueptr/240002708) about one of the types of smart pointers.
